partner_survey/README.rst, before:

==============
Partner Survey
==============

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:2045d5f08db5867aacfc83c1dac1d533283eeaed42ff0558f45fecd9ca671867
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fsurvey-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/survey/tree/17.0/partner_survey
    :alt: OCA/survey
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/survey-17-0/survey-17-0-partner_survey
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/survey&target_branch=17.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module adds a smartbutton to partner form linked with surveys.

It also adds survey_input_lines field to partner model. This field
serves to filter partners according to their answers in surveys.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/survey/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/survey/issues/new?body=module:%20partner_survey%0Aversion:%2017.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
-------

* Tecnativa
* Camptocamp

Contributors
------------

-  Javier Iniesta <javieria@antiun.com>
-  Damien Crier <damien.crier@camptocamp.com>
-  Akim Juillerat <akim.juillerat@camptocamp.com>
-  `Tecnativa <https://www.tecnativa.com>`__:

   -  Rafael Blasco
   -  Antonio Espinosa
   -  Ernesto Tejeda
   -  Stefan Ungureanu

Maintainers
-----------

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/survey <https://github.com/OCA/survey/tree/17.0/partner_survey>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[MIG] partner_survey: Migration to 17.0

partner_survey/README.rst, after:

==============
Partner Survey
==============

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:2045d5f08db5867aacfc83c1dac1d533283eeaed42ff0558f45fecd9ca671867
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fsurvey-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/survey/tree/17.0/partner_survey
    :alt: OCA/survey
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/survey-17-0/survey-17-0-partner_survey
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/survey&target_branch=17.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module adds a smartbutton to partner form linked with surveys.

It also adds survey_input_lines field to partner model. This field
serves to filter partners according to their answers in surveys.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/survey/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/survey/issues/new?body=module:%20partner_survey%0Aversion:%2017.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
-------

* Tecnativa
* Camptocamp

Contributors
------------

-  Javier Iniesta <javieria@antiun.com>
-  Damien Crier <damien.crier@camptocamp.com>
-  Akim Juillerat <akim.juillerat@camptocamp.com>
-  `Tecnativa <https://www.tecnativa.com>`__:

   -  Rafael Blasco
   -  Antonio Espinosa
   -  Ernesto Tejeda
   -  Stefan Ungureanu

-  Chau Le <chaulb@trobz.com>

Other credits
-------------

The migration of this module from 16.0 to 17.0 was financially supported
by Camptocamp

Maintainers
-----------

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/survey <https://github.com/OCA/survey/tree/17.0/partner_survey>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
